Oh
good morning everyone it is Monday a new
week I am walking to lectures today
which is very unlikely but I just
fancied the walk it actually I'm just
listening to the podcast 13 minutes to
the moon what is the BBC did last year
all about the Apollo 11 mission and I've
been meaning to listen to it the ages
now is like wow if I walk I can listen
to almost a whole episode in my walks of
lectures and then did another episode
done on the way back wonderful I also
thought it was going to be really windy
today obviously you had storm Dennis
heating the country recently and it's
just been a bit breezy you know and
cycling is a lot of effort when it's
really windy didn't fancy cycling
against the wind although I think the
wind has talked a bit this morning I
think it might be due to pick up
tomorrow I am heading to the Institute
of astronomy I've got two lectures then
a supervision straight after and then
that's my contact hours done for the day
I have got a deadline tomorrow which I
haven't started the work for yet so I
need to get going on that this afternoon
I also have a dinner this evening so an
exciting day
do join me
[Music]
and this here is chocolate conveniently
located if you are taking astrophysics
because the Iowa is right behind it
okay so I've just done my lectures I've
had my supervision it is now very much
lunchtime I am hungry I've got to walk
back but I'm putting my podcast back on
again my legs are starting to ache a bit
more now like I can tell I've been to
the gym yesterday it was my second time
going to the gym and doing some weight
starts there try keep it up and go at
least once a week and keep up my morning
runs as well so yeah look at me go with
the fitness yeah just need to get back
and do some work online statistical
physics problem sheets this afternoon
I've got until 7 o'clock which is when
dinner starts for the physics of
materials dinner for theevening which is
organised include everyone in college
who is in physics or material science
goes to a dinner together so it ranges
all the way from second year
undergraduates up to fellows of the
college and academics and all that
should be a really nice evening actually
the spirit is normally really nice at
these meals in my first lecture this
morning as well we did a little bit of
rocket science and yeah it's quite funny
cuz I guess the point where you can't go
it's not rocket science
transitioning fluids from subsonic speed
to supersonic speeds without getting a
shopfront interesting stuff there my
lecturer spoke briefly about application
in rocket so it totally was rocket
science
look at that blue sky that is beautiful
that puts me in a good mood my second
lecture we spoke about active galactic
nuclei in particular we concentrated on
Prazeres QSOs to be honest my lecture
left me with quite a few questions about
how we're classifying them but my
questions might be answered in the next
lecture if not I will ask my supervisor
about it and get some explanation
so the Trinity lawn has been dug up this
morning by people in the extinction
rebellion I think it was John's actually
see Trinity and John the technologies
which have a rivalry so we're suggesting
that beautiful joins have dug dug up
from lon oh my God look at our home but
they don't save distance from the apple
tree so the doctor was very considerate
luckily it's pretty dodgy quality of
digging I could die I don't think they
were trying to
[Music]
I have got so many questions still to do
and I need to start getting ready for
dinner soon so it's not looking good
my assignment has 12 whole questions in
it 12 that's a lot for one assignment so
far I've done two but that's better than
none I've ended up doing biology
questions this afternoon because my
sister's studying human sciences and
that she sent a message to me like can
you help me with this questions I was
like yeah sure why not
so I got stuck into that completely
neglected my own work I was very silly
but I did like it when I could get
biology questions right but still it's
not looking good I've got quite a lot of
work to do
luckily the supervision for this isn't
until Thursday
so I technically can do more work on
this on Wednesday I just won't be able
to get it marked because the deadline is
tomorrow evening oh wow
I've done my best I just that's too much
to do today I've had too much to do it
was always gonna be impossible for me to
get everything done it's a busy life I'm
gonna start doing my makeup because
otherwise I probably won't be ready on
time so there's milk I just got back
from physics and materials dinner for
some reason they called it physical
material science dinner which I felt was
too
material science asked it should have
been just physics dinner but anyway it
was good fun it was sat next to my old
director of study so that was nice the
food was good yeah we are back in the
staircase as you can see there are the
majority of Tuesday was spent in the
maths library which is one of my
favourite libraries
hello everyone
I've just had lunch I'm allowed to go do
some work in the maths library I've got
to supervision to this afternoon yeah
busy afternoon but then I've got dinner
another dinner this evening
it's the Lord's night for our College
maple which is held in the summer
they're going to announce the theme and
a lot of my friends are going to the
forum or that'd be really fun and then I
do actually have a ticket for a club for
afterwards I don't know whether I relax
we go the ticket was included in the
form or ticket that could be fun I do
have a 9 o'clock letter tomorrow
tomorrow is quiet for long I just need
to look over some questions now before
my first supervision this afternoon
because
very earthy as understand the whole
concept yeah but there's a tree in it
it's a bit like a woodland stuff going
on then a horse I initially thought the
unicorn him then hopefully pointed out
that we do have a hello everyone I want
you to have the best days of your lives
okay
starter was a woodland salad with
pistachio and walnut boulders and wild
berry caviar for Maine we had smoked
cheese and caramelized onion arancini
croquette saute and crisp wild mushrooms
black cabbage and vegan pesto and
dessert included candied hibiscus flower
caramelized baby apple and chocolate mad
[Music]
hello everyone I am lying down on my
beds I have been up and about this
morning you'll be impressed to hear I
made it in time for my ten o'clock
lecture this morning I didn't go to my
lecture at 9:00 but I just thought at
that point sleep was more important than
going to the lecture and I've already
basically caught up what went on in the
lecture and yeah I feel like sacrificing
one out of four lectures this morning it
wasn't too bad when I've caught it up
straight away I haven't missed any
content
I should probably update you like launch
night formal yesterday evening was
really good the food was tasty it was an
all vegan formal but the portion sizes
were quite small I was still kind of
hungry
when the meal ended the theme for Mabel
this year is far away and it's based on
the Far Away Tree books by Enid Blyton I
actually didn't clock this straightaway
and the Far Away Tree books are actually
in my top top top list of children's
books that I love the Far Away Tree
series honestly might be my favorite
children's book of all time I'm actually
so happy this is the scene like it's
such a nice theme for my third year
Mabel because I have that connection to
the book series I do need to book my
Mabel ticket actually I'm also trying to
get tickets for st. John's Mabel this
year I don't know how much luck I'm
going to have though st. John's Mabel
tickets are in such high demand if I
managed to get tickets it will be a
miracle John's Mabel and Trinity Mabel
are supposed to be the top Mabel's I
just like to experience one of them
while I'm here Jesus Mabel is always
good though Jesus Mabel has a very good
reputation I've realized I've just
started talking about Mabel's and some
of you might not be familiar with them
so Mabel's are Bulls that we have at the
end of the academic year in the summer
once exams are over most of the
Cambridge colleges all run their own
Mabel's or June events and everyone gets
dressed up in fancy ball gowns and
they're normally all-nighter things very
elaborate fancy Affairs that are
extremely over-the-top but they are a
cambridge tradition and
a lot of fun at the end of the year
you're probably wondering Paige why are
you lying down in bed though when you've
been out this morning you've been to
your lectures you have lunch like what
are you doing now lying down in bed
well you see I'm tired and I've got a
load of work to do this afternoon and I
want to go to a talk this evening and
I've got to work on the rest of my to-do
list which is extremely long I'm just
kind of lying here thinking oh I'm so
busy and I'm going to leave you on that
cliffhanger will Paige get her life
together and get working who knows I'll
give you all the updates in next week's
vlog make sure you give the video a like
and subscribe to my channel and I'll see
you soon with another video bye bye
[Music]
[Applause]